Bliss Hotdox keymaps (#13160)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/hotdox/keymaps/bliss/readme.md

# Bliss for Hotdox

> This keymap for the ergodox hotdox is a take on a developpement setup I quite
> enjoy. Developpers constantly use brackets and they should therefore be
> accessible instead of hidden away behind a shift key. Also this setup aims to minimize hand travel with a layer containing a numpad as well as arrows. Finally,
> this setup incorporates a dymamic macro recorder for an easy, software agnostic way to program macros.

Reviewer: Spelling corrections.

```suggestion
This keymap for the ergodox hotdox is a take on a development setup I quite
enjoy. Developers constantly use brackets and they should therefore be
accessible instead of hidden away behind a shift key. Also this setup aims to minimize hand travel with a layer containing a numpad as well as arrows. Finally,
this setup incorporates a dynamic macro recorder for an easy, software agnostic way to program macros.
```

> All keybinging diagrams can be read in the `keymap.c` file. It is quite well documented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All keybinding diagrams can be read in the `keymap.c` file. It is quite well documented.
```
